# Math-Quix
 Skip to content Browse fonts Icons More Montserrat Designed by Julieta Ulanovsky, Sol Matas, Juan Pablo del Peral, Jacques Le Bailly  Select styles Glyphs About License Pairings Styles Math Quiz Type here to preview text Thin 100 Math Quiz Thin 100 italic Math Quiz Extra-light 200 Math Quiz Extra-light 200 italic Math Quiz Light 300 Math Quiz Light 300 italic Math Quiz Regular 400 Math Quiz Regular 400 italic Math Quiz Medium 500 Math Quiz Medium 500 italic Math Quiz Semi-bold 600 Math Quiz Semi-bold 600 italic Math Quiz Bold 700 Math Quiz Bold 700 italic Math Quiz Extra-bold 800 Math Quiz Extra-bold 800 italic Math Quiz Black 900 Math Quiz Black 900 italic Math Quiz Sample glyphs ABCČĆDĐEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSŠTUVWXYZŽabcčćdđefghijklmnopqrsštuvwxyzžАБВГҐДЂЕЁЄЖЗЅИІЇЙЈКЛЉМНЊОПРСТЋУЎФХЦЧЏШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯабвгґдђеёєжзѕиіїйјклљмнњопрстћуўфхцчџшщъыьэюяĂÂÊÔƠƯăâêôơư1234567890‘?’“!”(%)[#]{@}/&amp;\&lt;-+÷×=>®©$€£¥¢:;,.* About Montserrat The old posters and signs in the traditional Montserrat neighborhood of Buenos Aires inspired Julieta Ulanovsky to design this typeface and rescue the beauty of urban typography that emerged in the first half of the twentieth century. As urban development changes that place, it will never return to its original form and loses forever the designs that are so special and unique. The letters that inspired this project have work, dedication, care, color, contrast, light and life, day and night! These are the types that make the city look so beautiful. The Montserrat Project began with the idea to rescue what is in Montserrat and set it free under a libre license, the SIL Open Font License.  This is the normal family, and it has two sister families so far, Alternates and Subrayada. Many of the letterforms are special in the Alternates family, while 'Subrayada' means 'Underlined' in Spanish and celebrates a special style of underline that is integrated into the letterforms found in the Montserrat neighborhood.  Updated November 2017: The family was redrawn by Jacques Le Bailly at Baron von Fonthausen over the summer, and the full set of weights were adjusted to make the Regular lighter and better for use in longer texts. In fall, Julieta Ulanovsky, Sol Matas, and Juan Pablo del Peral, led the development of Cyrillic support, with consultation with Carolina Giovagnoli, Maria Doreuli, and Alexei Vanyashin.  The Montserrat project is led by Julieta Ulanovsky, a type designer based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. To contribute, see github.com/JulietaUla/Montserrat  Designers Avatar of the designer Julieta Ulanovsky  Principal design  Julieta is a graphic designer and owner of ZkySky, a design studio which she co-founded in 1989 after earning a degree in Typeface Design. She lives and works in Montserrat, the first and oldest neighborhood in Buenos Aires. Julieta admires many type designers including Harald Geisler, and fellow Argentines Juan Pablo del Peral and Alejandro Paul. She is currently developing new variants of Montserrat—italics, plus new weights and styles—and dreams that it will soon become a large, extended family.  GitHub  Avatar of the designer Sol Matas  Avatar of the designer Juan Pablo del Peral  JLB Jacques Le Bailly  License These fonts are licensed under the Open Font License.  You can use them freely in your products &amp; projects - print or digital, commercial or otherwise.  This isn't legal advice, please consider consulting a lawyer and see the full license for all details.  Popular pairings with Montserrat  Roboto Montserrat Roboto  Open Sans  Roboto Slab  Raleway  Lato The spectacle before us was indeed sublime.  Apparently we had reached a great height in the atmosphere, for the sky was a dead black, and the stars had ceased to twinkle. By the same illusion which lifts the horizon of the sea to the level of the spectator on a hillside, the sable cloud beneath was dished out, and the car seemed to float in the middle of an immense dark sphere, whose upper half was strewn with silver. Looking down into the dark gulf below, I could see a ruddy light streaming through a rift in the clouds.    Fonts Google Fonts is a library of 1,075 free licensed font families and APIs for convenient use via CSS and Android. The library also has delightful and beautifully crafted icons for common actions and items. Download them for use in your digital products for Android, iOS, and web.  Browse Fonts Icons About Featured Material Design Fonts GitHub Icons GitHub Google Design Twitter PrivacyTerms of service
